README.md, before:

# MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE
A [MagicMirror²](https://magicmirror.builders) helper module to track reported cases of COVID-19 with sparkline plots.

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/skelliam/MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE/master/LICENSE)

This work is a combination of two other plugins:

* [MMM-COVID19](https://github.com/bibaldo/MMM-COVID19) by Jose Forte
  * This plugin has a clean design, but I didn't care for the rapidapi.com service that it used as a data source.  If you look at my commit history, you'll find a version of Jose's plugin where I've added plot capability.
* [MMM-COVID-19](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-COVID-19) by Seongnoh Sean Yi
  * This plugin uses GitHub as a backend, the same data source that is used by the famous [Johns Hopkins Map](https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html).  I prefer the use of this data source.

At the end of the day, I decided to merge the two appraoches to get what I wanted.

![Example](images/screenshot.png)

## Installation

In your terminal, go to your MagicMirror's Module folder:
````
cd ~/MagicMirror/modules
````

Clone this repository:
````
git clone https://github.com/skelliam/MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE.git
````

Change to plugin directory and fetch dependencies:
````
cd MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE
npm install
````

Add the module to the modules array in the `config/config.js` file:
````javascript
  {
    module: 'MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE'
  },
````

## Configuration options

The following properties can be configured:


| Option                       | Description
| ---------------------------- | -----------
| `header`                     | The header text <br><br> **Default value:** `'COVID-19-SPARKLINE'`
| `worldStats`                 | Worldwide stats <br><br> **OPTIONAL** <br> **Possible values:** `false` or `true` <br> **Default value:** `true`
| `countries`                  | The countries that we want to get COVID-19 stats <br><br> **Possible values:** `[  "Argentina, "US" ]` <br> **Default value:** `[ "US", "Italy", "Germany", "Canada", "Mexico" ]`
| `orderCountriesByName`       |  Order results by country name (asc) <br><br> **OPTIONAL** <br> **Possible values:** `false` or `true` <br> **Default value:** `false`
| `lastUpdateInfo`             | Last update info in UTC Time <br><br> **OPTIONAL** <br> **Possible values:** `false` or `true` <br> **Default value:** `false`
| `headerRowClass`             | The font size of the row headers <br><br> **Possible values:** `'small'`, `'medium'`, `'big'` <br> **Default value:** `'small'`
| `infoRowClass`               | The font size of data <br><br> **Possible values:** `'small'`, `'medium'`, `'big'` <br> **Default value:** `'medium'`
| `updateInterval`             | How often does the content needs to be fetched? (Milliseconds) <br><br> **Possible values:** `1000` - `86400000` <br> **Default value:** `10800000` (3 hours) <br> Note that this data is updated once daily, so setting this to a small value will not force updates faster, it will only put a burden on github.
| `columns`                    | The columns you wish to be displayed.  **Possible values:** `[ "confirmed", "deaths", "recovered"]` <br> **Default value:** `[ "confirmed", "deaths", "recovered" ]`
| `fadeSpeed`                  | Fade speed in ms <br> **Default value:** `1000`
| `sparklines`                 | Show sparkline plots or not <br> **Default value:** `true`
| `sparklineWidth`             | width of sparkline in px <br> **Default value:** `120`
| `sparklineHeight`            | height of sparkline in px <br> **Default value:** `30`
| `sparklineDays`              | Number of days to show in plot, specify 0 for all available days <br> **Default value:** `0`
| `showDelta`                  | Whether or not to show the change from the last measurement <br> **Default value:** `false`

## Config Example

````javascript
    {
    module: 'MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE',
      position: "bottom_left",
      config : {
        worldStats: true,
        sparklines: true,
        sparklineWidth: 100,
        sparklineHeight: 35,
        sparklineDays: 30,
        sortby: "confirmed",
        columns: ["confirmed", "deaths", "recovered"],
        countries: ["US", "Italy", "Germany", "China", "Canada", "Mexico"],
        updateInterval: 1000 * 60 * 60 * 3,  //3 hours
        infoRowClass: "medium",
        headerRowClass: "small",
        fadeSpeed: 1000,
        showDelta: true,
      }
    },
````
## Updating

To update the module to the latest version, use your terminal to go to your MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE module folder and type the following command:

````
git pull
```` 

## Development

Probably I will not actively maintain this plugin unless it breaks.  If you want to modify it, that's great, please make a pull request.

## Thanks

Thanks to Jose Forte and Seongnoh Sean Yi for your plugins, I borrowed heavily from your work to create this derivative work.

Commit message:

added space between value and percentage, also used rowspan to get slightly larger plots when the delta row is available.

README.md, after:

# MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE
A [MagicMirror²](https://magicmirror.builders) helper module to track reported cases of COVID-19 with sparkline plots.

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/skelliam/MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE/master/LICENSE)

This work is a combination of two other plugins:

* [MMM-COVID19](https://github.com/bibaldo/MMM-COVID19) by Jose Forte
  * This plugin has a clean design, but I didn't care for the rapidapi.com service that it used as a data source.  If you look at my commit history, you'll find a version of Jose's plugin where I've added plot capability.
* [MMM-COVID-19](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-COVID-19) by Seongnoh Sean Yi
  * This plugin uses GitHub as a backend, the same data source that is used by the famous [Johns Hopkins Map](https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html).  I prefer the use of this data source.

At the end of the day, I decided to merge the two appraoches to get what I wanted, adding the use of the awesome highcharts.js to get sparkline plots after the data.

![Example](images/screenshot.png)

## Installation

In your terminal, go to your MagicMirror's Module folder:
````
cd ~/MagicMirror/modules
````

Clone this repository:
````
git clone https://github.com/skelliam/MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE.git
````

Change to plugin directory and fetch dependencies:
````
cd MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE
npm install
````

Add the module to the modules array in the `config/config.js` file:
````javascript
  {
    module: 'MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE'
  },
````

## Configuration options

The following properties can be configured:


| Option                       | Description
| ---------------------------- | -----------
| `header`                     | The header text <br><br> **Default value:** `'COVID-19-SPARKLINE'`
| `worldStats`                 | Worldwide stats <br><br> **OPTIONAL** <br> **Possible values:** `false` or `true` <br> **Default value:** `true`
| `countries`                  | The countries that we want to get COVID-19 stats <br><br> **Possible values:** `[  "Argentina, "US" ]` <br> **Default value:** `[ "US", "Italy", "Germany", "Canada", "Mexico" ]`
| `orderCountriesByName`       |  Order results by country name (asc) <br><br> **OPTIONAL** <br> **Possible values:** `false` or `true` <br> **Default value:** `false`
| `lastUpdateInfo`             | Last update info in UTC Time <br><br> **OPTIONAL** <br> **Possible values:** `false` or `true` <br> **Default value:** `false`
| `headerRowClass`             | The font size of the row headers <br><br> **Possible values:** `'small'`, `'medium'`, `'big'` <br> **Default value:** `'small'`
| `infoRowClass`               | The font size of data <br><br> **Possible values:** `'small'`, `'medium'`, `'big'` <br> **Default value:** `'medium'`
| `updateInterval`             | How often does the content needs to be fetched? (Milliseconds) <br><br> **Possible values:** `1000` - `86400000` <br> **Default value:** `10800000` (3 hours) <br> Note that this data is updated once daily, so setting this to a small value will not force updates faster, it will only put a burden on github.
| `columns`                    | The columns you wish to be displayed.  **Possible values:** `[ "confirmed", "deaths", "recovered"]` <br> **Default value:** `[ "confirmed", "deaths", "recovered" ]`
| `fadeSpeed`                  | Fade speed in ms <br> **Default value:** `1000`
| `sparklines`                 | Show sparkline plots or not <br> **Default value:** `true`
| `sparklineWidth`             | width of sparkline in px <br> **Default value:** `120`
| `sparklineHeight`            | height of sparkline in px <br> **Default value:** `30`
| `sparklineDays`              | Number of days to show in plot, specify 0 for all available days <br> **Default value:** `0`
| `showDelta`                  | Whether or not to show the change from the last measurement <br> **Default value:** `false`

## Config Example

````javascript
    {
    module: 'MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE',
      position: "bottom_left",
      config : {
        worldStats: true,
        sparklines: true,
        sparklineWidth: 100,
        sparklineHeight: 55,
        sparklineDays: 30,
        sortby: "confirmed",
        columns: ["confirmed", "deaths", "recovered"],
        countries: ["US", "Italy", "Germany", "China", "Canada", "Mexico"],
        updateInterval: 1000 * 60 * 60 * 3,  //3 hours
        infoRowClass: "medium",
        headerRowClass: "small",
        fadeSpeed: 1000,
        showDelta: true,
      }
    },
````
## Updating

To update the module to the latest version, use your terminal to go to your MMM-COVID19-SPARKLINE module folder and type the following command:

````
git pull
```` 

## Development

Probably I will not actively maintain this plugin unless it breaks.  If you want to modify it, that's great, please make a pull request.

## Thanks

Thanks to Jose Forte and Seongnoh Sean Yi for your plugins, I borrowed heavily from your work to create this derivative work.
